Keeping up
with the Kardashians...
>> KOURTNEY: It's crazy that
you're getting a scribe.
>> KRIS: I want everything I say
documented from now on.
>> KENDALL: What is going on?
>> KRIS: Oh, this is my scribe.
She writes down everything I
say.
>> KHLOE: This person follows
her around everywhere.
>> KENDALL: Oh, my God.
>> KHLOE: It's uncomfortable to
have someone going...
>> KRIS: Khloe, but that's what
her job is.
>> KHLOE: That's her job!
But it's also my job to show you
how ridiculous some things are.
If you look up all these
streets, there's tons of tents.
>> KIM: The homeless issue is a
full epidemic.
Like, what about all these
people that are just roaming the
streets?
>> ANDY: There just aren't
enough shelter beds in L.A.
>> KIM: I've never seen anything
like this.
It's just, like, heartbreaking.
>> LATANYA: The things that I've
seen down here... Just nasty
things.
>> NURY: No one should ever
live like this in this country.
>> KIM: I really do want to
learn and figure out what we can
all do to to fix this problem.
>> CAROLINE: L.A. is the
homeless capital of the United
States.
♪ ♪
>> MAN: Are you guys excited for
ice cream?
(Kourtney gasps)
>> MAN: Awesome.
>> KOURTNEY: Are you excited?
>> KIM: The Ice Cream Museum is
just super cool.
It's, like, something different
to do in town.
>> JONATHAN: Who wouldn't want
to swim in a bed of sprinkles?
Like, come on.
>> KOURTNEY: Kim, turn around
and stand on the phone.
>> JONATHAN: Why were you
fighting?
>> KIM: Oh, walk on the stars.
Oh, scooped up.
Kim Carbstashian?
You guys, I finally got a star.
>> KOURTNEY: Ah, you guys are so
cute.
>> JONATHAN: Wait, it's
even better.
>> KIM: Here you go, Bo.
Cheers.
>> WOMAN: And just remember,
guys, try not to dive or jump
into the pool.
>> MAN: Just carefully jump in.
>> JONATHAN: A pool of
sprinkles?!
Holy food God!
Oh, there's a diving board.
>> KIM: How fun, guys! Whoo!
(indistinct chatter)
(Jonathan coughs)
>> MAN: Oh, this is good.
>> KIM: Food God dies by
choking on sprinkles!
>> JONATHAN: On sprinkles!
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Look it, a whole store
of sewing machines.
>> KOURTNEY: Mason loves to sew.
He loves it. He'll go, "Mom, I
want to sew."
>> KHLOE: What the hell does he
sew?
>> KOURTNEY: They make stuffed
animals, and they sell them on a
website, and it goes to, like, a
charity.
>> KIM: Remember when we used to
come down here to do all the
buying for DASH?
I swear we, like, parked in one
of these parking lots.
>> KHLOE: I used to have an
apartment on 7th and Flower.
Good old days.
>> KIM: You're allowed to just
put a tent on the side of the
road?
There's so many, like...
>> KHLOE: If you look up all
these streets, there's tons of
tents, like, up all-- Every
street here, I'm seeing tents.
>> KOURTNEY: I should have
driven my kids by here when they
were down here.
>> KHLOE: Daddy used to drive us
down here.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, but we were
just at that Ice Cream Museum.
Like, we should have driven by
with them.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: My dad used to drive us
to Skid Row, when we were
little, to just show us that the
rest of the world doesn't really
live like how we live in Beverly
Hills, and that always stuck
with me.
And then when I had kids, like,
everything kind of opens up, and
you want our world to be the
most perfect place for them, and
your awareness just becomes so
heightened.
And just so much has changed,
of things I was just oblivious
to before.
But it's not enough to witness
it.
I really want to do something
about it.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: It's so sad.
>> KHLOE: Matthew is my mom in
her office?
Thank you.
>> KRIS: Hello, darling.
>> KHLOE: Bonjour.
>> KRIS: Bonjour.
>> KHLOE: You snuck this one on
just, so ever so quickly.
>> KRIS: I always have your
covers here, and all the new
covers get to be on the
presidential desk.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my goodness.
>> KRIS: Isn't it exciting?
>> KHLOE: I'm so excited for our
barbecue.
>> KRIS: What barbecue?
>> KHLOE: Mom... You're joking.
Mom...
>> KRIS: When's the barbecue?
>> KHLOE: Mom!
>> KRIS: Is it today?
>> KHLOE: Are you okay?
Like, do you-- like, are you
losing it?
>> KRIS: Maybe?
>> KHLOE: We had a whole
conversation: We're having a
barbecue, and you were making a
dish, and you're bringing it
over, and everyone's coming to
the house.
>> KRIS: 150% you've never
mentioned a barbecue.
>> KHLOE: All right.
>> KRIS: Okay? I promise you...
>> KHLOE: So you've not...
Nothing's ever slipped your mind
in the past, right?
Hold Post-its in your hand and
start sticking things places.
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> KHLOE: Like "brush my
teeth."
"Wipe my ass."
Like, that should be in the
bathroom, like, when the door...
>> KRIS: I've got those little
details covered.
>> KHLOE: Oh, so those things
you remember.
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: You just forget family
barbecues and the dishes to
make.
>> KRIS: I am constantly
multitasking and trying to take
care of a gazillion things at
the same time.
And I'm always working on my
organizational skills and trying
to figure out how to become more
organized and more productive.
>> KHLOE: Well, you've just been
holding this pen for how long?
>> KRIS: No, I was gonna write
it for the...
>> KHLOE: Do you keep forgetting
what you have to write?
>> KRIS: It's like, where is my
note cards?
>> KHLOE: I could... Do you want
me to tell you? Barbecue.
>> KRIS: Here it is. Here it is.
Barbecue.
>> KHLOE: Bring a dish of your
choice.
>> KRIS: Barbecue.
See? It helps when I write
it down.
>> KHLOE: Kris Kardashian?
Did you forget what your last
name is, too?
(laughing)
Did you?
>> KIM: Oh, my gosh. Look what
Kylie has done to me with the--
How cute.
>> KHLOE: So I would have to go
to Cleveland, and then go there.
>> KRIS: Where are you going?
>> KHLOE: Maybe Anguilla.
I'm not sure.
>> KRIS: Oh, so you can't bring
back the doughnuts?
>> KHLOE: I could bring you
doughnuts, Mom.
>> KRIS: Hey.
>> KHLOE: Penelope.
>> KRIS: I just hired a scriber.
>> TRISTAN: You did?
>> KRIS: Yeah. Do you know what
a scriber is?
>> TRISTAN: Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, they write down
everything.
>> KRIS: Yeah. Everything I say.
>> TRISTAN: Yeah, everything you
say, so, yeah, keep it all for,
memories.
>> KRIS: That's right.
'Cause I-I'm getting older and I
feel like I can't remember
anything.
So I need to write it down
because five minutes later--
I called Kendall today and two
minutes later I didn't know why
I called her.
I'm at the doctor and I realize
that there's someone standing
right next to him writing
down on a little table
every single thing he says.
And I ask him, "What is she
doing?"
And he said, "That's my scribe.
She keeps track of every single
thing I say and do, because I
can refer to it later."
And a huge lightbulb goes off.
This is genius.
That I can have somebody follow
me around every single day and
then repeat back to me what I
said or did.
This is everything.
>> TRISTAN: All right, bae.
I'll talk to you later.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
>> KRIS: Love you.
>> TRISTAN: I love you, too.
>> KOURTNEY: It's crazy that
you're getting a scribe.
>> KRIS: I want everything I say
documented from now on.
There's so much I miss.
Do you know how much stuff is
rolling around up here in this
head?
Like, just this side alone is...
I walk around like this 'cause
there's so much stuff over here
and then...
>> KHLOE: Isn't Lovey so silly?
>> KRIS: Then some days I'll
walk around like that over
there.
>> KHLOE: How silly is she?
>> KRIS: So I need somebody to
write it all down.
And then when I can't remember
what I was supposed to do, or
what I meant to say, or take it
to a meeting, I have somebody
right there that... Chop, chop.
We have a scriber.
>> KHLOE: It's a scribe. Scribe.
>> KRIS: Whatever.
A scribe for my tribe.
(laughing)
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: How's your diet been
going?
>> KIM: Good.
You know, I had a few
gluten-free pretzels today,
which threw me off 'cause that's
carbs, but it's fine.
>> KHLOE: Gluten-free, it's like
you're eating air.
>> KIM: Not really.
I feel like that's gonna be the,
like, the trick, 'cause people
think that.
>> KHLOE: Hmm.
>> KIM: After we went downtown,
didn't you feel, like, so bad?
Like, there were so many people.
>> KHLOE: It's definitely
different than when, like, Dad
used to take us.
I think people are blind, and
people kind of like to live in
their bubble...
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: and ignore what's
really going on.
>> KIM: I just want to work
with one, like, some
organization.
I don't know wh-which one, or
where to go, but I just feel
like there's something that we
can do to help.
>> KHLOE: For sure, I think you
would def... I mean it's easy to
find an organization that would
love to have your, uh, your,
like, help and to bring
awareness to it.
>> KIM: I am just at a point in
my life where I don't want to be
naive anymore, and I just want
to use my platform to get other
people involved.
And I really do want to learn
and figure out what we can all
do to fix this problem.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: This is Madhvi.
>> KOURTNEY: Nice to meet you.
>> KRIS: She is my scribe.
>> KHLOE: Are you being serious?
It's just strange.
Do you really want everything
documented?
Mom, do you have to pee, or are
good with your diaper?
♪ ♪
>> ANDY: This is the worst
man-made disaster in the United
States.
>> KIM: I've never seen anything
like this, and it's just, like,
heartbreaking.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: I'm working out
tonight.
>> KIM: Wow.
>> KHLOE: Just 'cause I'm as fat
as (bleep) fat can be.
>> KIM: Hmm.
>> KOURTNEY: Hey, Mom.
>> KRIS: Hi.
>> KOURTNEY: Hi.
>> KRIS: How are you guys?
>> KHLOE: Oh, wow. You look
beautiful.
>> KRIS: Thank you.
This is Madhvi.
>> KOURTNEY: Nice to meet you.
>> KRIS: She is my scribe.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Are you being serious?
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Oh.
>> KOURTNEY: Wait, when you're
having a conversation, does
Madhvi also record what I'm
saying, or just what you're
saying?
>> KRIS: What everybody's
saying.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay. Just curious.
>> KRIS: Right?
>> MADHVI: Mm-hmm.
>> KRIS: Mm-hmm.
>> KRIS: I mean, it's kind of
amazing.
I can look back and tell you
exactly what I said.
There's no doubt.
>> KHLOE: I'm meeting the scribe
for the first time.
It's just strange.
Do you really want everything
documented?
Everything?
>> KOURTNEY: All right, I'm
gonna make a urination sample.
>> KIM: ...drew this of her
husband.
>> KHLOE: Mom, do you have to
pee, or you're good with your
diaper?
(keyboard keys clicking)
Well, I just feel like, let's
just... make Kris Jenner so
uncomfortable.
It's fun.
What? She queefed in our
workroom the other day.
>> KRIS (laughing): I did not.
>> KHLOE: Yes, you did.
She was queefing.
She did... queef.
>> KRIS (laughing): Did not.
You are funny.
You're funny to have around.
>> KHLOE: Me?
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Oh, thanks, but I will
say, as a child, the way you
used to talk to me when I
thought my name was (bleep)
head.
All you do is get drunk.
It's wild.
They used to call Child
Services.
You have no idea what I'd go
through on a nightly basis.
>> KRIS: Don't punish me because
somebody's writing everything
down.
It's not funny anymore.
>> KHLOE: I was trying to get in
touch with my mom, but she isn't
calling me back.
I just know something's up with
her, so why not ask Kim, her
favorite child?
So, question.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: When we were at dinner
with Mom, do you think Mom had a
nice time, or do you think she
was angry?
>> KIM: I think she was, like,
laughing a lot, nervously
laughing.
>> KHLOE: Did you think she...?
>> KIM: You hurt her feelings?
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
>> KIM: Yeah, just because I
know her.
From the moment you started, I
knew she was, like, gonna...
>> KHLOE: Then why would she
say, "You're so funny"?
>> KIM: 'Cause I think she was
nervous at the moment in front
of the girl.
>> KHLOE: Then why have the
scribe?
Like, it's stupid.
Don't just be, "What?"
(murmuring gibberish)
Like, obviously, you didn't
chain me to a wall, and it's
my first time leaving.
Obviously, I didn't think my
name was (bleep) head till I was
ten.
Obviously, like...
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Come on.
>> KIM: I mean, I get it.
>> KHLOE: I just, like...
This family, I can't handle.
You look cute.
>> KENDALL: Do I?
>> KHLOE: Your belly button is
so vertical.
>> KENDALL: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: I'm envious.
I literally will get Botox
around my belly button just so
it looks like that.
>> KIM: What?
Who does this for you?
>> KHLOE: Well, I don't.
I'm going to, is what I'm
saying.
I'll do anything to tighten the
skin around it.
>> KIM: No one's offered me
that.
>> ANDY: Hi, ladies.
>> KHLOE: Hi. How are you?
>> ANDY: I'm Andy.
Great to see you, Khloe.
>> KHLOE: Hi. Khloe.
Nice to meet you. This is Kim.
>> ANDY: Hi, Kim. Great to meet
you.
>> KIM: Hi. How are you?
>> ALEXANDRA: Hi. I'm Alexandra.
>> KHLOE: Hi. Khloe.
>> ANDY: I wanted to take you on
a little tour if you have time.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, we would love
that.
>> KIM: Yeah, for sure.
As I've been doing my research,
I just feel like I have to start
somewhere, and this is the
perfect place for me to get some
more information, and to figure
out all of the questions that I
really have as to what we can do
to help.
I just hope that I can shine a
light on this issue, and that,
hopefully, more people will come
together, and we can figure out
a solution for this.
>> KHLOE: Oh, wow.
>> ANDY: This is our beautiful
rooftop with one of the best
views of, uh, downtown L.A.
>> ANDY: But...
>> KIM: So, like, all these
people that are just roaming the
streets-- do they not want to
come and stay here?
>> ANDY: There just aren't
enough shelter beds in L.A., so,
47,000 people are on the
streets, and there's only 12,000
shelter beds to go to.
This is the worst man-made
disaster in the United States.
Over 2,000 people living on our
sidewalks.
And, you know, people say they
want people to get off the
streets.
There's nowhere to go.
I can tell you, recently what's
causing it to skyrocket is the
cost of rent.
Rents have gone up 30%.
Salaries have gone down three
percent.
So, it's like a perfect storm...
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> ANDY: ...of homelessness,
especially in L.A.
This year, we have 55% more
people under our roof, and...
>> KIM: And do you guys have the
space for that?
>> ANDY: We've made space.
We never turn away a woman,
because there's 800 registered
sex offenders on the streets, so
our hearts won't let us.
>> KIM: The homeless issue is a
full epidemic, and I don't know
what the answer is to get people
off the streets, but I'm so
willing to help in any way that
I can.
>> ANDY: You cannot survive on
the streets without being
brutalized and devastated by the
experience.
>> KIM: I just want to bring
awareness to this issue.
Unfortunately, people do live in
bubbles, and people probably
think, like, L.A. is this
glamorous place.
It makes me feel really sad that
people are just living like
this, and the problem's just
getting worse.
>> KHLOE: We really wanted to
educate ourselves, and if...
Just kind of hear stories and
maybe, like, what we can do.
>> LAQUITA: I just didn't have a
job that paid well enough to
support us.
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
>> LATANYA: The things that I've
seen down here have...
Just nasty things.
>> KIM: There are so many
circumstances that can lead to
this situation for so many
people.
This can happen to anyone.
>> ANDY: This is the floor that
our families with children stay
on.
>> ALEXANDRA: That's everybody's
bags of clothing and everything.
We want to make sure our women
feel safe, so we have separate
floors for everybody.
>> KHLOE AND KIM: Hi.
>> ALEXANDRA: This is Khloe,
this is Kim.
This is Alex Cornejo.
>> KIM: Hi. Kim.
>> KHLOE: Hi. Khloe.
>> ALEX: How you guys doing?
>> KHLOE: Nice to see you.
>> ALEXANDRA: Alex is somebody
that came through out men's
program, and has been working
here a little bit longer than
me.
>> KHLOE: Do you guys want to
sit down, or get comfortable?
Recently, we drove by, and we
noticed how much its escalated--
the homelessness here in... from
when we were younger.
>> KIM: And just how many tents
there are, and just, we were,
like, shocked by what it looked
like.
>> KHLOE: And so for us, we
really wanted to educate
ourselves as to kind of why I
think it's, like, multiplied,
and... just kind of hear
stories, and maybe, like, what
we can do.
>> ALEXANDRA: So, Laquita, I
wanted you to share, 'cause, um,
I think Laquita's a great
example of somebody who didn't
suffer from any of those issues
that you usually, typically ask.
Like, is this person addicted?
Is there mental illness?
She was just a mom who needed a
hand up.
>> LAQUITA: Um, I just didn't
have a job that paid well enough
for me to get my own place, you
know, and to support us.
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
>> LAQUITA: We all don't come
from abusive points of view, or
we're running away from our
husbands or our boyfriends, or
we have drug or alcohol prob...
Sometimes you just need a just
a place to...
(exhales)
... to take a breath and to move
on.
>> KHLOE: Thank you for sharing.
>> LAQUITA: Yeah. Yeah.
>> LATANYA: The reason I'm here
is because I don't think I can
afford to pay housing on my own
for my one-bedroom apartment.
I go to my brother's house, and
he likes to smoke drugs.
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
>> LATANYA: And I can't stand
that.
I don't even want to be around.
I don't want to see it.
I drove down here, and I didn't
know this program here at the
Union was like it was.
It's a good program if people do
what they came here to do.
>> KHLOE: Right.
>> LATANYA: But if they don't,
that's why they end up out
there.
The things that I've seen down
here have...
Just nasty things.
>> KHLOE: Right.
>> KIM: There are so many
circumstances that can lead to,
you know, this situation for so
many people.
And I think just having a place
where they take in mothers and
their children-- that is so
important, because they are so
vulnerable when they're on the
streets to rapists and
pedophiles and drug trafficking.
This can happen to anyone.
It's just really sad to hear
that, you know, so many people
are just one paycheck away from
being homeless.
>> PATRICE: My name is Patrice.
I became homeless, um, probably
in 2014 due to a financial
hardship.
I'd been doing it on my own, hit
financial hardship, lost my
income and became homeless.
Then went to stay with friends,
and, you know, staying with
friends don't work out a lot, so
end up back on the street.
>> KIM: It's okay.
>> PATRICE (crying): But that's
where I'm at now.
But they gave me a voucher, I'm
looking for a place now, and
I've been here since Saturday.
>> KHLOE: Since Saturday?
>> PATRICE: Mm-hmm.
>> STEVE: For most of society,
it seems like there's this net
or web that kind of catches you
when you fall.
I think for some, that net or
web-- there was never the
father, there was never the
mother, there was never aunts
and uncles to help facilitate.
And so they just kind of fell
through the cracks, and all of a
sudden, now they end up here,
that it's just completely
inundated.
>> KIM: Thank you guys so much
for sharing your stories with
us.
>> LATANYA AND LAQUITA: Thank
you for coming.
>> PATRICE: Thank you.
Thank you.
>> KIM: Thank you.
>> LATANYA: And thank you.
>> KIM: Hi.
>> KHLOE: Thank you.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
So crazy.
I mean just these... people are
such good people.
You know, I do think...
Like, I don't know.
Dad always made us do things,
so, like, I have never been
scared of stuff like this.
>> KIM: I mean, obviously, to
have awareness.
>> KHLOE: Totally.
I think it is important to teach
your kids that stuff.
>> KIM: Totally.
I think it's so important.
From this experience, I've
learned that it's just not that
simple.
The city needs to figure out
housing, and it's not gonna be
just one person.
It has to be a bunch of people
coming together to figure this
out.
Just seeing how many people
don't really have an option
really was so sad.
>> KHLOE: So sad.
>> KRIS: Medication for Khloe's
lice.
So, she has this fungus.
(laughing): This is for your
colon health.
>> KHLOE: Kourt, she's trying to
do what I did at the restaurant.
>> KIM: I want to know, what is
the city doing to help?
>> NURY: No one should ever live
like this in this country.
(birds singing)
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
I've never sat in this little
chair.
>> KIM: You haven't?
>> KHLOE: No.
>> KIM: It's cozy.
Um... that was pretty intense.
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
>> KIM: Wait. I want to look up
some stuff.
That was really sad.
So I just want to Google, like,
other things on Skid Row, 'cause
I feel like... there's just so
many more, like, untold stories.
>> KHLOE: I wonder how many
shelters are downtown.
'Cause when we were driving by
that time, we were naming
shelters.
>> NURY: Oh, thank you, Mr.
President...
>> KIM: Do you wanna watch this?
>> NURY: I have real concerns
about this, um...
And when we talk about all of us
sharing the burden of how and
how we deal with the homeless
issue, we have paid the price of
poor land use decisions for
people who live in these
sensitive areas.
And now we're saying it's okay
to have people live in their
vehicles, in these very areas
that we're trying to protect
people from.
It's going to become a problem
in the northeast San Fernando
Valley, particularly City 7 and
City 6.
(continues indistinctly)
>> KIM: There's a lot that I
think can be done in our
community, and it starts with
just getting the information.
Councilwoman Nury Martinez, I
just feel like she would give me
some major insight on what I can
do to help.
I mean, it seems like she really
cares and really wants to change
the situation.
And I feel like that's what, you
know, is most important.
>> KHLOE: What do you want to
do?
>> KIM: I don't know.
>> KHLOE: If I'm in town, I'll
go with you.
>> KIM: But, like, it's crazy
that there's so much, like, in
our neighborhood.
So close to us, there's so much
going on.
>> KHLOE: It's so sad.
>> KIM: Yeah.
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
>> KRIS: Oh, look how cute they
are!
Look at my sheepy.
>> KHLOE: That's cute.
>> KRIS: There's an artist who
made these things.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
This is crazy.
>> KRIS: It took me two years to
find her.
>> KHLOE: Oh.
>> KRIS: I haven't named her
yet.
>> KHLOE: I don't really take
this scribe thing too seriously.
I think having a person follow
you around and type on a
computer all day long is a
little excessive.
So, a little birdie told me that
you're upset about dinner the
other night.
>> KRIS: You have no filter.
>> KHLOE: Everyone said that
dinner was so fun.
Like, Kourtney and Kim were
like, "Thank God you were
there."
It was, like, fun, like, funny.
>> KRIS: You're always fun, but
sometimes you take it to another
level, and you have no filter.
>> KHLOE: I wonder where I get
the other level from.
You have a (bleep) scribe
dictating everything you do.
I could replay it for you...
>> KRIS: Oh, I can ask her, and
she can tell me exactly what we
said.
>> KHLOE: It's a visual, because
it caught me off guard that you
show up with a scribe somewhere.
So what am I gonna do?
I'm gonna make a joke out of it
and make it uncomfortable,
because it's uncomfortable to
have someone going...
(tapping)
>> KRIS: Khloe, but that's what
her job is.
>> KHLOE: That's her job.
But it's also my job to show you
how ridiculous some things are.
I wasn't trying to hurt your
feelings.
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> KHLOE: I was trying to have
fun and be playful with you.
In the moment, you're laughing,
crying so much you're laughing.
>> KRIS: I think I was really
crying.
>> KHLOE: But then say... I
would never want to hurt your
feelings, ever.
It's obviously all bull(bleep).
But that was the joke of it all.
You have some ridiculous
situation going on with some
person dictating your every
word.
No offense.
But you're a normal human being.
We're not in the court of law
here.
>> KRIS: Okay. Are we done with
this conversation?
>> KHLOE: Yeah, I think we're
done in general.
>> KIM: So, let's say you get
out and you want to talk to
people.
>> NURY: If we see too many
people, it's a little bit more
dicier than that.
I just don't want to put you in
a situation.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: It's been really
amazing having the scribe
around, but I kind of get
Khloe's point.
So I'm gonna lighten up and do
the same thing to her.
>> KOURTNEY: I think you're just
as insane as she is.
And you wonder where she gets it
from.
>> KRIS: "Do unto others."
>> KOURTNEY: Good for you.
And that's not what it means,
"Do unto others."
>> KRIS: "As you would have them
do unto you."
Oh, yeah. You're right.
>> KOURTNEY: Hey, you guys.
>> KENDALL: You guys are
matching.
>> KOURTNEY: Khloe inspired me.
I said, "What are you wearing so
I can throw something on."
>> KHLOE: Oh, I like your Good
American skirt.
>> LARSA: I said, "I gotta
represent!"
It looks so good and it feels
so good.
>> KOURTNEY: Do you want to be
the head of the table?
>> LARSA: Is Kylie coming?
>> KHLOE: Yeah, right.
Kylie's the new Rob.
>> KOURTNEY: The big boss.
>> KIM: Hey, Mom. Hey, Corey.
>> KRIS: Hi! Hi!
How are you?
>> KENDALL: What is going on?
>> KRIS: Oh, this is my scribe.
This is Kendall.
She writes down everything I
say.
>> KHLOE: This person follows
her around everywhere.
>> KENDALL: Oh, my God.
>> KRIS: Thank you.
>> KOURTNEY: Anybody? Brussels
sprouts?
>> KRIS: Do I need to leave a
name at the gate for a
prescription delivery?
>> LARSA: What are you getting?
Can we share?
>> KHLOE: Medication for Khloe's
lice.
>> LARSA: You have lice?
>> KHLOE: Kourt, she's trying to
do what I did at the restaurant.
>> KRIS: Could you go get the
basket, babe?
So, in case... You've told me
about your dryness problem in
your vagina.
>> KHLOE: My dry vagina, yeah.
>> KRIS: So I got you K-Y Jelly.
>> KHLOE: Thank you!
>> KRIS: Yeah.
So, she has this fungus.
>> LARSA: That's why she's been
limping.
>> KHLOE: For jock itch.
Mom, I actually have a dick.
This is perfect.
>> KRIS: For your mustache.
>> KHLOE: Kim will say I need
this the most.
>> KIM: Yes.
>> KRIS: Here's your yeast
infection medicine.
>> KHLOE: I need that.
>> KRIS (laughing): This is for
your colon health.
>> KHLOE: Are you okay?
>> KRIS: And I got you
high-waisted diapers this time.
>> KHLOE: Look at her, she's
crying.
(laughter)
>> KRIS: Going forward, I think
probably best to do a scribe
during meetings and business
hours and not family time,
maybe.
>> KOURTNEY: 'Kay.
>> KRIS: Okay.
All right, Kourt, I'll see you
later.
Bye, guys.
(chair squeaking)
(Khloe chuckles)
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Hi. How are you?
>> NURY: Hi! I'm Nury.
>> KIM: I'm Kim.
>> NURY: Nice to meet you.
Sit down.
Thank you for expressing
interest on this issue that, you
know, quite frankly, has gotten
so much worse over the last, I
would say, five to ten years.
>> KIM: I had no idea.
I mean, my sisters and I had
gone downtown.
>> NURY: It's shocking to see...
>> KIM: It really is shocking.
>> NURY: ...families and
children.
To me, it's infuriating that we
are, you know, the most powerful
country in the world and that we
allow people to live this way.
>> KIM: Yeah.
That's so intense.
Councilwoman Nury Martinez has
focused so much of her career on
helping the homeless.
What I want to know most is what
is the city doing to help.
'Cause that is what will
ultimately cure this issue.
>> NURY: So, what we're trying
to do is not only address the
housing needs but also the issue
of these large encampments where
you have, you know, more than
50, 100 people.
But I want to show you, sort of,
a-a glimpse of what my district
looks like.
So, this is what we call Cabrito
Road.
>> KIM: Mm-hmm.
>> NURY: And it's literally a
tent community.
You have all kinds of elements.
You have people who, of-of
course, have serious drug
addiction problems that need
treatment.
You have people who need
medication for their mental
health issues.
But you also have a criminal
element here that nobody wants
to talk about.
Sometimes you have pimps hiding,
um, young kids, as young as
11-year-olds being trafficked in
our country every single day.
And, um... and we do nothing.
>> KIM: That's crazy.
>> NURY: Yeah, we do nothing to
address this issue.
It's an epidemic.
>> KIM: It's hard to deal with
it if you have all the resources
in the world.
>> NURY: You're right.
In the city of Los Angeles, we
have to be very careful about
how we clean these encampments
up.
Here's an indication of what,
sort of, we find when we're
there.
It's just the amount of stuff
that they accumulate over there,
for months and...
>> KIM: Wow.
>> NURY: ...that they've been
out there.
I mean, who can live this way?
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> NURY: No one should ever live
like this in this country.
>> KIM: I think the problem is
just so much bigger than people
really realize.
You get, like, a glimpse of it,
but when you drive, like, 20
minutes further, you see it's,
like, just, like, devastation
of, like, people just all over
the streets.
Like, people just have to see
this.
Like, I want to drive down here.
I want to bring our cameras.
I want to show people what it's
like just right down the street.
>> NURY: Ready?
>> KIM: I'll follow you.
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
>> NURY: The homeless issue is
now starting to become such a
prevalent thing all over, across
the city.
I can't imagine that people are
not watching these small
encampments kind of creep up in
their neighborhood.
It's basically spreading
everywhere.
>> KIM: I know that this is not
something that I could fix by
myself, but I hope that
everything that I'm learning
will hopefully wake something up
inside of other people, so that
everyone can just come together.
And, you know, if me speaking
about it even brings awareness
to one person, then that can
help make a difference.
>> NURY: So, this is all San
Fernando Road, along the
railroad tracks.
And this is probably one of
our... the most difficult
encampment to clean up.
And look at the trash and the
amount of debris.
>> KIM: Yeah.
So, let's say you get out and
you want to talk to people, what
would you say?
>> NURY: I would just ask 'em
if, um, anybody from the HOPE
Team or from the city has
approached them about finding a
place to live.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> NURY: If we see too many
people out that it doesn't seem
like it's going to be a safe
situation, we can just stay in
the car.
Sometimes they're willing to
talk to you and sometimes
they're not.
>> KIM: I can handle it.
I feel like we have a lot of
people around us, if something
got crazy, you know?
>> NURY: Oh, no, it actually
gets a little bit more dicier
than that.
I just don't want to put you in
a situation.
(speaking Spanish): Hello!
>> MAN: I'm from the streets.
>> NURY: Oh.
The whole point is to try to get
people to accept the help.
But if you're not willing to, it
makes it harder.
>> KIM: It's so unsanitary, so
not safe.
It's just so heartbreaking to
see.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: I'll just follow your
lead.
>> NURY: Look at this-- it looks
like a third world country.
But this used to be a lot worse,
the camps.
This was all lined up with
tents.
We've come out here a couple of
times, and, as you can tell,
there's still some folks out
here.
We're not trying to arrest
anybody-- we're just simply
trying to figure out, "How did
you get here?
Are you willing to accept
services?"
And then we'll bring in the team
to assess it.
(speaking Spanish): Hello, how
are you?
What is your name?
>> MANUEL: Manuel.
>> NURY: Manuel? How long have
you lived here?
>> MANUEL (speaking Spanish):
Two years.
>> NURY: Two years?
This is my friend, Kim.
>> KIM: Hola.
>> NURY: Before you came here...
what was your job?
>> MANUEL: Before this I worked
with my brother in a granite
shop.
>> NURY: Oh, where? Here?
>> MANUEL: Around the corner,
over here.
>> NURY: Uh-huh.
Did you have a place to live
before?
>> MANUEL: Yes.
>> NURY: Yes? What happened?
>> MANUEL: The company went
broke and we didn't have a
chance to look for other work.
>> NURY: Who lives here with
you?
>> MANUEL: My wife lives here,
but she isn't here right now.
>> NURY: Oh, okay.
So, he's here with his wife, and
he actually works around the
corner at a granite crushing
facility, and he...
Uh, two years ago, his company
lost, um...
Basically went bankrupt, and he
lost his job.
Has anyone come by to offer you
services or help to find you a
place to live?
>> MANUEL: Honestly, no.
>> NURY: No? Would you like to
find some services?
>> MANUEL: Who wouldn't?
Because living here is...
>> NURY: It's hard, right?
>> MANUEL: A little.
>> NURY: He said he's open to
receiving services or help to
try to get off the street.
Thank you, Manuel.
Hello. How long have you lived
here?
>> MAN: Four months.
>> NURY: Four months?
>> MAN: I'm from the streets.
>> NURY: Oh.
So, the HOPE Team was out here a
couple of... a couple of months
ago, and so they did offer him
services, and he didn't accept
it about four months ago.
So, he doesn't really have a
real, an answer as to why, but
this is...
He chose to stay out here.
The whole point is to try to get
people to accept the help.
But if you're not willing to, it
makes it harder.
>> KIM: Yeah, for sure.
>> NURY: So...
>> KIM: In walking through the
encampment and seeing the tents
and just seeing that it's, like,
this whole community...
It's just, you know, so
unsanitary, so not safe.
I don't know, it's just so...
It was, like, heartbreaking to
see these living conditions.
Well, thank you so much for
taking the time to show it to
me so it can, like, be really
real.
We're gonna dive into it and
start meeting with people and
see what we can do to help.
>> NURY: Okay.
>> KIM: Thank you so much.
So nice to meet you.
>> NURY: Same here.
♪ ♪
>> MASON: Mom, can I have an
Oreo?
>> KOURTNEY: No.
You're very persistent, but no.
>> PENELOPE: What do you want?
>> KOURTNEY: Eggies, a hot dog
and...
>> PENELOPE: Pizza?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KIM: So, when we went
downtown the other day, there
was, like, so many single moms.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KIM: It was so crazy.
>> KOURTNEY: It didn't seem like
it was couples.
>> STEPHANIE: Yeah.
This one lady, when I was
volunteering at that homeless
shelter, she got injured at
work.
And, like, the workers' comp
only covered so much that,
like, she had to, like...
She was in the hospital for so
long after, she had to put all
of her money towards it.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> STEPHANIE: And then when she
was out of the hospital, she
just couldn't pay her bills
'cause she had no more money,
and she couldn't work 'cause she
was disabled.
And then, so she had nowhere to
go.
She went to this, like,
transitional housing that's,
like, where I told you I was
gonna volunteer for Mother's
Day.
And they, like, just give you a
place to stay.
>> KIM: Where is it?
>> STEPHANIE: Um, it's, like, on
the Eastside, like, by my house.
It's off of Alexandria.
>> KIM: I've heard of it,
actually.
>> STEPHANIE: It's really cool.
>> KIM: Alexandria House.
>> STEPHANIE: Yeah.
The place is really cute.
>> KIM: We have to go.
>> STEPHANIE: You guys should
come.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> STEPHANIE: I'm sure they
would be, like, so excited.
>> KIM: Yeah.
Oh, thank you.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Hi.
How are you?
This is so cute.
Hey, Justine.
>> JUSTINE: Hey, how are you?
>> KIM: How are you?
Thank you for doing this.
>> JUSTINE: Oh, my gosh.
Thanks for having me.
>> KIM: It's like the...
>> JUSTINE: It's so cool.
>> KIM: Today, I have an amazing
party planned to support the
Alexandria House, a long-term
shelter for women and single
moms.
We are partnering with companies
like Priv and Cost Plus World
Market to provide some great
products and services.
And I just want to bring
awareness to this issue 'cause I
feel like there's a lot that can
be done in our community, and it
starts with just getting the
information.
Hi.
>> CAROLINE: I'm Caroline.
>> KIM: How are you?
>> CAROLINE: How nice to meet
you.
Come on over here.
Meet with...
>> KIM: Hi. How are you?
>> CAROLINE: She's the director.
>> JUDY: It's nice to meet you.
>> KIM: Nice to meet you.
>> CAROLINE: Yeah, so glad that
you're here.
Could I get everyone's attention
just for a moment, please?
Um, we just want to thank you,
Kim, for bringing your amazing
crew here for Alexandria House.
Alexandria House has been here
for 21 years.
As you know, L.A. is the
homeless capital of the United
States.
The rising population is women
and children.
Alexandria House, we're just a
drop in the bucket of what...
the good that we can do to
eliminate homelessness.
>> JUDY: We really appreciate
you being here and casting some
attention on this incredible
issue that's impacting so many.
And what we'd like to offer to
you is a gift of story.
Um, we'd like to start with
Madisen.
>> MADISEN: Most people don't
understand, you know, the
homeless.
They think that, oh, you had to
have been a bad kid, you had to
have run away, you're doing
drugs.
I was an athlete.
Um, and for whatever reason, my
mom, she just couldn't deal.
She was on drugs, and she kicked
me out the house at 17, and I
found myself homeless.
And I've met so many...
In my journey at 17 in the
shelter, I met so many kids who
were like me.
So, I just kind of wanted to
highlight that part of my story,
'cause most people here in
Alexandria House, they know
about the domestic violence that
I did.
They know that when I came here
at 20 years old with a
one-year-old, you know, they
know about that part of my
story.
They don't know what I went
through before.
>> KIM: Oh, wow.
Thank you so much for sharing
your story.
>> ANGELA: I'm gonna do my
signature piece.
It's called "Skid Row Sister."
It's a piece that I wrote when I
found myself on Skid Row.
"There's a place in L.A. that's
been titled 'obscure.'
It's a place I've embraced as my
gifts become sure.
And in this space, I erase a
lifetime of being demure.
On the 17th of December in the
year of 2000 at 10:00 a.m. I
checked in to Skid Row Housing.
Check all egos at the door
'cause here humility comes.
My Skid Row family, in spite of
their insanity, shows me undying
support, unlike those lames with
my same last names that said,
'Your dreams, you should abort.'
Not to harp on the past because
my losses are vast.
Before you stands one completely
broken.
I love you, miss, and I love
you, mister.
Sincerely yours, a Skid Row
sister."
(applause)
>> KIM: That was so beautiful.
>> ANGELA: Thank you very much.
>> KIM: It's so important to
understand that not everyone on
the street is a drug addict.
People that I've met are just
having hardships.
Maybe they lost their job, maybe
they just had a bad
circumstance.
There's so many different
stories, and I think that's
just...
The most important thing is to
get people off Skid Row.
>> SITI: Alexandria House is
really helping with me with my
life.
So, I'm totally happy, but, you
know, I'm still homeless, but
I'm trying so hard.
And also, when I... I'm...
especially when I had my breast
cancer.
I cannot... I cannot know what
I'm doing.
>> KIM: Thank you.
>> SITI: Thank you, Ms. Kim.
>> KIM: Aw. Thank you.
>> SITI: Thank you so much.
(sniffles, sobs)
>> JUDY: We appreciate
everything that you did to make
this happen and also really
count on you to spread the word
on this issue of homelessness.
>> KIM: Thank you. Yeah.
>> JUDY: And we appreciate you
doing that.
>> KIM: I just want to say thank
you for having me.
And I know this is, like, a lot,
to share your stories, and I
think it'll help so many people
just... put a different face on
homelessness.
'Cause I think that so many
people just have such an idea of
what that looks like, and it's
really so different.
And so many people that are just
a paycheck away from being
homeless.
So, I appreciate you guys for
sharing your stories with us.
And, you know, today I just
wanted to pamper you guys.
We have people inside that are
gonna talk to you about money
management and things that I
wish they taught in high school
and in schools that they just
never really teach you, and
women in there to help you write
résumés for jobs.
It's just a pampering day 'cause
you guys really all deserve it
so much.
♪ ♪
There's so many organizations,
but the epidemic is just growing
so much that... you know, every
organization just needs more
resources.
>> WOMAN: Okay, so what we're
gonna end up doing is moving
"work experience" to the top.
>> CAROLINE: This is our
after-school program, and we
have a day care right in this
building, also, on this floor in
the bottom floor.
>> KIM: I mean, the problem is
just so big that it's not gonna
take, you know, just one person
saying they want to make a
difference.
It's gonna take, like, the whole
city and the country coming
together to fix this huge issue.
>> PHOTOGRAPHER: All right, one,
two, three.
>> KIM: Next on...
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God!
(dogs barking)
Kim, yours really makes a lot of
noise.
>> KIM: Kourtney's does not
bark.
I want to go swap.
>> KOURTNEY: Give me your dog.
Guess who this is.
>> KENDALL: I literally once a
week have a stalker.
>> KHLOE: I want to protect
myself.
>> KIM: I'm not comfortable with
it.
I wouldn't want my kids around
I wouldn't want the kids here,
and I know there's a gun.
>> KHLOE: I want to feel
comfortable around a gun.
Captioning sponsored by
BUNIM-MURRAY PRODUCTIONS